so having thoughts of suicide is very common. It's its's ridiculous almost
to tell somebody to stop thinking about suicide. Um, but some of
the ways that you can do is is to make sure that you're talking to
individual. And so, um, if you were taking a trip to Australia and
didn't have ah passport or a plane ticket, I would probably think that
you're not serious. And just like, if you're talking about suicide
and you really don't know, um, you need to listen to that person and
think. But if they have a plan in place and they have a place, that
they're gonna do this, it's a very serious thing that you need to
address, but really just taking everything seriously, taking everything
as it's important to that individual not downplaying any of their
experiences or any any of their loss that they had that's making
them feel this way. Making sure that they have the resource is that
they need that they have an individual that they can contact at any
point of the day, whether that's yourself, whether that's a family member
or a friend, whether that's a chaplain or ah, social worker. But
having numbers that they can contact whenever they're on their lowest
point, contemplating suicide is going to be key